We talk about progressive, let's talk about being progressive.
Walking distance here is Mother Emanuel Church.
Nine people shot dead by a white supremacist.
Bernie voted five times against the Brady Bill and monitored a waiting period ... No, let me finish.
A waiting period of 12 hours.
I'm not saying he's responsible for the nine deaths, but that man would not have been able to get that weapon with the waiting period had been what I suggest until you are cleared.
In addition to that, being progressive, he thought Barack Obama, he wanted a primary.
He said we should primary Barack Obama, someone should.
And in fact the president was weak and our administration was in fact not up to it.
Look, folks, let's talk about progressive.
Progressive is getting things done.
And that's what we got done.
We got a lot done.
Well first of all, the latest poll, I saw my numbers, I'm still 15 points ahead.
The latest poll.
But look- Well, it depends on which ... Look, I've earned the vote.
I've worked like the devil to earn the vote of the African American community, not just here but across the country.
I've been coming here for years and years creating jobs here, making sure that the port, for example, that employs one in 11 people, we put $500 million in our administration just into this county.
We've created jobs for people.
The people know me.
My entire career has been wrapped up in dealing with civil rights and civil liberties.
I don't expect anything.
I plan to earn the vote.
I'm here to ask [inaudible 00:11:16].
But folks, I intend to win South Carolina and I will win the African American vote here in South Carolina.
I will win South Carolina.
No- There was a- There was a ...
I thought- That's the problem.
41.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I guess the only way to do this is jump in and speak twice as long as you should.
Here's the deal.
Here's the deal, look.
A guy is a friend of mine down there named Fritz Hollings, the pastor.
He said, "You want to know what a man or woman will do?
Look what they've done.
Look what they've done."
You talk about concerns about race.
Well, my good friend on the end of this platform, he in fact bought a system that was a private prison system.
After he knew that in fact what happened was they hogtied young men in prison here in this state.
They in fact made sure that in Georgia they did not have health care for the people who were being held.
They in fact went on, and he said, after he knew that he bought it.
And then he said he was proud of his accomplishment.
You talk about what we're talking about with Bernie.
Bernie in fact, hasn't passed much of anything.
The fact of the matter is- Look, the fact is- I'm not out of time, you spoke overtime and I'm going to talk.
Here's the deal.
Here's the deal.
The fact of the matter is, look at what's happening here.
Look at what's happening here.
We have to win the Senate back.
And by the way, I went into all of those races that got 41 new Democrats.
The majority of them are supporting me for president.
But you knew, you knew when you bought it they had done that.
Where we come from that's called Tommy come lately.
Tommy come lately.
Look.
