Well, you're right, the economy is doing really great for people like Mr. Bloomberg and other billionaires.
In the last three years, last three years, billionaires in this country saw an $850 billion increase in their wealth.
But you know what, for the ordinary American things are not so good.
Last year, real wage increases for the average worker were less than one percent.
Half of our people are living paycheck to paycheck.
87 million Americans have no health insurance or are under-insured.
45 million people are struggling with student debt.
500,000 people tonight are sleeping out on the street, including 30,000 veterans.
That is not an economy that's working for the American people.
That's an economy working for the one percent.
We're going to create an economy for all, not just wealthy campaign contributors.
Oh, Mr. Bloomberg.
Let me tell Mr. Putin.
Okay, I'm not a good friend of President Xi of China.
I think President Xi is an authoritarian leader.
And let me tell Mr. Putin who interfered in the 2016 election, try to bring Americans against Americans.
Hey, Mr. Putin, if I'm President of the United States, trust me you're not going to interfere in anymore American elections.
Pete mentioned ...
I'm hearing my name mentioned a little bit tonight.
I wonder why and maybe, Pete mentions what the American people want.
I will tell you, Pete, what the American people want and Joe what the American people want, they don't want candidates to be running to billionaires for huge amounts of funding.
Pete has gotten funding from 50 billionaires.
Joe I think, has gotten a little bit more.
What the American people want by the way, and a lot of the issues we'll be discussing tonight are issues I raised four years ago.
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage, 15 bucks an hour, making public colleges and universities tuition free and finally doing what every other major country on Earth does, guaranteeing healthcare to all people as a human right to a Medicare For All single payer system.
I didn't say that, Pete.
Good.
Thank you.
Over a 10-year period.
How many hours do you have?
The answer is- No, that's not the problem.
All right, let's talk about Medicare for All.
I'm sure you're familiar with the new study that just came out of Yale University published in Lancet magazine, one of the prestigious medical journals in the world.
You know what it said?
Medicare for All will lower healthcare costs in this country by $450 billion a year and save 68,000 lives of people who otherwise would have died.
guarantee healthcare to all people, not have thousands of separate insurance plans, which are costing us some $500 billion a year to administer.
Our plan, we have laid out options all over the place.
One of the options is a seven-and-a-half-percent payroll tax on employers, which will save them substantial sums of money.
Another tax- You asked me a question.
First of all.
I think that she's talking about me.
Look, first of all.
I think.
Tom, I think she was talking about my plan, not yours.
Let's talk about math!
Let's talk about math!
Doing nothing is what ...
Excuse me, can I respond to the attack?
The moderator guys.
The moderator ... Is it my turn?
Okay.
What the Health and Human Services have said in analyzing healthcare costs, what recent Yale study has said, is that your program would cost some $50 trillion over a 10 year period.
We would continue to pay, in some cases, 10 times more for the same exact prescription drugs.
What every study out there, conservative or progressive says, Medicare for All will save money.
Ours will cost about 45 billion, not 60 trillion.
Hello.
Thank you very much, Norah.
Thank you very much.
Mayor Bloomberg has a solid and strong and enthusiastic base of support.
Problem is they're all billionaires.
If you look ... On the other hand, of the last 50 polls that have been done nationally, Mr. Bloomberg, I beat Trump 47 of those 50 times.
If you look at battleground States like Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, polling just done.
I beat Trump.
And if you want to be Trump, what you're going to need is an unprecedented, grassroots movement of black and white and Latino, Native American and Asian people that was standing up and fighting for justice.
That's what our movement is about.
Absolutely.
