Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Happy New Year!
The Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Jobless claims fell last week to a 49-year low. Yet another sign that @realDonaldTrump’s economic policies are working a…
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump made sure the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to get paid during the #SchumerShutdown. Mea…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassado…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been…
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! https://t.co/RzOkeHl3KV
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can’t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it’s 20 years overdue....
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
“Job growth surges by 312000 in December” https://t.co/FCSwxFZjUF
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama &amp; the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?
We are working hard at the Border but we need a WALL!  In 2018 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including MS-13 apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News Enemy of the People and Opposition Party!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
“Jobs up big plus 312000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORT
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
https://t.co/iSFAokoIP7
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected undocumented unchecked...” Barrack Obama 2005. I voted when I was a Senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton 2015.
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
RT @realDonaldTrump: As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial…
RT @realDonaldTrump: How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion…
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.
With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated “Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis United Steelworkers
Talks with China are going very well!
Congratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.
https://t.co/Ft6FqQmYfI
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. https://t.co/kGL6kPmpDY
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said NO. I said bye-bye nothing else works!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!
RT @charliekirk11: This is why we need a wallIllegal immigration is a serious threat to our country90% of all heroin comes across the b…
RT @charliekirk11: President Trump is winning this shutdown fightDemocrats have no message and are refusing to open government because t…
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:At our Southern Border in 2018:1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized17000 criminals were arre…
RT @charliekirk11: Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to…
RT @parscale: Just received my newest voter score tracking from my team. @realDonaldTrump has reached his highest national approval rating…
"RT @dbongino: New Poll: Vast Majority of Voters Believe There is ""Crisis"" or ""Problem"" at U.S. Border https://t.co/bzFimBid26"
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! https://t.co/L506g9Aq4z
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
RT @SenateGOP: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder https://t.co/dMpYb3p4Wy
From the Southern Border.... https://t.co/Vgsf5nEZUH
Dear Diary... https://t.co/NAuMaQW6fl
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
We lose 300 Americans a week 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
When I took the Oath of Office.... https://t.co/GDhIqteKpv
I often said during rallies with little variation that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! https://t.co/UAAGXl5Byr
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon President Trump hosted a roundtable discussion with State local and community leaders who spoke on how t…
RT @WhiteHouse: This is common sense. Congress must pass a bill that ends the crisis at our border. https://t.co/wD0PPKfpNM
I look forward to hosting right out of the great State of South Carolina the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday January 14th. What a game what a coach what a team!
Drug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews https://t.co/IDyXqmDsPq
Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason &amp; with no proof after I fired Lyin’ James Comey a total sleaze!
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp; botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie)....
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time &amp; as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
Lyin’ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page &amp; more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas between 2011 &amp; 2018 there were a total of 292000 crimes by illegal aliens 539 murders 32000 assaults 3426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
https://t.co/3IH1yW2eTg
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
I’m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! https://t.co/paf1CvesBa
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! https://t.co/D5KWr8EPan
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house he’s supposed to be there!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years ICE officers made 266000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records including those charged or convicted of 100000 assaults 30000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
RT @GOPChairwoman: It didn't get the attention it deserved but @realDonaldTrump recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with @realDonaldTrump. Instead Congressional Democra…
RT @GeraldoRivera: Based on the record the allegation/suggestion that the #FBI came close to investigating @realDonaldTrump as a Russian s…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Economic policies that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump have championed are producing some fantastic results for Americ…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs.*300 Americans die each week from heroin 90% of it comes from south…
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their and the Democrats fault!
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
https://t.co/w5X8jqvtiS
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! https://t.co/ytZv0HLYun
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the American Farm Bureau Federation's 100th Annual Convention https://t.co/tMWj5zj3K0
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Silence of the Moms: Media Refuse to Discuss Angel Families https://t.co/AoVIquJge2 via @BreitbartNews
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘Angel mom’ demands Trump’s wall ‘we’ve become collateral damage’ https://t.co/FoUPO11tmM
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
RT @PARISDENNARD: I trust a rancher on the Southern border more than a liberal politician from Northern California https://t.co/mo4oWe1SnI
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Worth the read. I’m A Senior Trump Official And I Hope A Long Shutdown Smokes Out The Resistance https://t.co/6ahfOl…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Since January 1 neither CNN nor MSNBC has booked a single Angel Mom — mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal…
RT @MZHemingway: NYT Reveals FBI Retaliated Against Trump For Lawfully Firing Comey https://t.co/LwJ7w1ctom
RT @charliekirk11: No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election or whe…
RT @charliekirk11: GREAT AGAIN:Prior to 2018 unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970Under Donald Trump in 2018 unempl…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Inspector General Michael Horowitz still does NOT have all of Peter Strzok's and Lisa Page's texts even though…
RT @paulsperry_: So...by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C.I. investigations would this off-mike exchange between Obama &amp; Putin's deput…
RT @TomFitton: For the first time in a generation we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border. @…
RT @TomFitton: We must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting @RealDonaldTrump. https://t.co/wmox2XM7x8 https://t.co/8NY79Hv…
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! https://t.co/w8viax0OWY
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump They are eaten alive by hate for our President &amp; his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just a…
RT @realDonaldTrump: For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on Ch…
Thank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
“In 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800000 great people are not getting paid. Also could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
Kevin Corke @FoxNews “Don’t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
AMERICA FIRST!
https://t.co/6xciJ0ubp0
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border and the Shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M. live from the @WhiteHouse.
RT @SchnurreZueri: @sethweathers @BuzzFeedNews Sadly so many will never get the memo that it was fake!
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! https://t.co/ZI4012Ld7S
RT @johncardillo: I told you all that the BuzzFeed story was nonsense. https://t.co/gbTXPjpVtk
RT @dbongino: We called it. FAKE NEWS!“More Buzzfeed B.S.” https://t.co/aOIPJJu0vH
"RT @SebGorka: ""We will b protected by grt men &amp; women of r military &amp; law enforcmt &amp; most importantly we will b protected by God"" https://…"
RT @dbongino: When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton &amp; Obama teams and fore…
RT @dbongino: Latino Job Approval of Trump SURGES in Midst of Govt Shutdown Over Border Wall Funding https://t.co/HAqstQDGw5
RT @parscale: This is just one of many fake news stories over the last several years. Sad so many journalists have lost their integrity. I…
"RT @GOPChairwoman: The entire premise of this story which received wall-to-wall coverage was based on ""evidence"" the reporters admitted t…"
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear GodThank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://…
https://t.co/wjqVvTqeky
RT @RyanAFournier: The reporters never saw the evidence. They went off of a source who said it was “credible”. This isn’t journalism. Con…
RT @ChatByCC: The Buzzfeed bombshell bombed. It blew up in their face and the rest of the fake news are casualties too.
RT @CarmineZozzora: By the time their fake news campaigns are fully exposed they’ve already moved on to their next fake news campaign.A g…
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
RT @GeraldoRivera: At what point in fairness-after 2 years do Americans of good will say enough already? If the #SpecialCounsel had collusi…
RT @GeraldoRivera: This is just the most egregious example of the rampant unfairness that has tainted this partisan witch-hunt from the beg…
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
The Economy is one of the best in our history with unemployment at a 50 year low and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; all you heard yesterday based on a phony story was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash Impeach Trump!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up) as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp; the even more disgraceful coverage!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
https://t.co/bJ81QkOObW
Always heard that as President “it’s all about the economy!” Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp; drugs they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work.
No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!
Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I’ll get back to you soon!
Wow just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19% to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone and they want Security which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!
Thank you David! https://t.co/zsmNfTjEDR
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
https://t.co/yQkCrpooIT
RT @charliekirk11: Breaking:A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance…
RT @GOPChairwoman: Spot on. https://t.co/DnD5JlkdFb
RT @GOP: “I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government secure the border and take…
RT @GOPLeader: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g…
RT @marklevinshow: I strongly support President Trump’s immigration proposal today.  Pelosi &amp; Schumer rejected it even before the president…
RT @sendavidperdue: President Trump again spoke directly to the American people about the national security crisis at our southern border.…
RT @SenatorWicker: I support President @realDonaldTrump's plan. I will absolutely vote for this proposal when @senatemajldr brings up the b…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: A fantastic proposal Mr.  President! Let's get it done! https://t.co/m8bzYGRLTw
RT @VP: Today @POTUS proposed a common sense plan to secure our border reopen our government and KEEP AMERICANS SAFE. Now it’s time for C…
RT @senrobportman: .@POTUS has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement. It includes many of…
RT @SenThomTillis: My statement on the President’s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security…
RT @marcorubio: @POTUS offers to support 2 bills sponsored by Dems (TPS &amp; DACA extensions)in exchange for Border Security (something Democr…
RT @SenJohnThune: My statement on @POTUS’s proposal to end the shutdown: https://t.co/VCO1vwzaC3
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Demo…
RT @JimInhofe: It is true and I'm glad to stand with you on this @realDonaldTrump. The Democrats need to come to the table so we can secure…
RT @SenatorLankford: The President offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government and I look forward to c…
RT @JerryMoran: This proposal which incorporates provisions similar to legislation I introduced earlier this month with @SenRobPortman in…
RT @SenJohnHoeven: The president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security &amp; end the partial government shutdown. Read m…
Will do a fantastic job! https://t.co/YkcenJhzsK
RT @BudgetGOP: TODAY - @SenatorEnzi Welcomed new @BudgetGOP members @SenatorBraun @SenRickScott and @SenKevinCramer https://t.co/yL31HsHXm…
RT @GOPChairwoman: So many accomplishments from @realDonaldTrump and his administration over the past two years!https://t.co/GL1QplJhoI
Thanks James! https://t.co/iTdCEEiiRv
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! https://t.co/Wc9bYtoLKq
RT @VP: Honored to serve as @POTUS Trump’s Vice President these past two years working to deliver historic results for the American people…
RT @WhiteHouse: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump’s first two years in office: https://t.co/xznAzXbrq3
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially @realDonaldTrump. Till then the…
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S. “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay https://t.co/pEaVpCB8M4
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
RT @realDonaldTrump: To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GR…
Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay https://t.co/YsDEA3kygd
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal and stop playing around!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
RT @KayaJones: I want to show other celebrities who voted for @realDonaldTrump it’s ok to come forward. Better yet let’s show the world how…
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp; Unverified “Dossier” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50% an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you working hard!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!
Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence the term Fake News!
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign &amp; funded through a...
...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019💯 https://t.co/reU1gKWHSQ
Deroy Murdock National Review: “We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. https://t.co/WItWPiG9jK
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!” https://t.co/bKIgmHUW5P
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” https://t.co/AFnWWiLlCa
As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
A great new book just out “Game of Thorns” by Doug Wead Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that?
“This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.” @DougWead
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasn’t sworn in no tape nothing?
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners &amp; with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages &amp; remains....
...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
